so if you don't know pure flix there
that studio that produced masterpieces
like God's not dead God's still not that
and free oh he's still around all the
movies that you know Christians watch to
make up for not going to church weekly
but I'll say this I'm always willing to
give a movie no matter what kind of
movie it is the benefit of the doubt oh
well I think that this one is just a
stream it for me it does have some good
scenes let me explain so this movie is
based off the New York Times
best-selling book the Bible it's like
the opposite of the Quran bit like part
one to the Book of Mormon and we are
following Samson who just so happens to
be the religious figure of this chapter
who kills a lot of people sleeps with a
lot of people and disappoints his people
a lot if you watch most Christian movies
you know that they usually just cast a
bunch of British dude so it's cool to
see that for this one they also cast
another British dude but at least it
looks like Jason Momoa Samson's his real
buff dude who everyone wants to be
judged so he can like rule over the
people a bit but he's not necessarily
King and he's always just like pass I'm
gonna go hit the gym
he's like the original inspirational
meathead God gives him the strength and
he protects his people from all of the
bad Philistines the problem is though is
that the prince from the Philistines
listens to a lot of anthrax and he just
loves screwing around with the poor
Hebrews just to be like extra edgy and
even his dad who was played by the bad
guy from Titanic plain King been playing
this King is like son you got a chill
Samson falls for this girl named Taryn
who like ain't even in the Bible and
since she worked for the Philistines the
Prince uses her to get to Samson
since he's too much of a punk to do it
himself they both turn into the Riddler
on Samson's wedding day for whatever
reason but like both of them don't get
the concept of what a riddle is Samson
loses his so they steal his wife
obviously and he has to find 50 tunics
to be able to repay the dude so he's
just like a runs off screen he finds a
random army one punches a dude to death
then Tyrese's the rest of them before
undressing them to bring back the tunics
he takes the tunics to the prince and
the prince is like nah fam you're too
late they try to arrest them but there's
like an hour 20 so left in this movie so
they obviously aren't he gets away and
he starts coming up with this revenge
plan his idea in order to get his wife
back is to turn a bunch of foxes
into charmander's so they burn up the
crops and the prince is like brah kicks
his wife and father-in-law off of
and they did Sampson then becomes super
depressed and hides in a place where no
one can find him his brother finds him
and he turns himself in so the
Philistines stop messing with his family
but right before they're about to Ned
Stark my dude they kill his dad he gets
enlightened with the force and my guy
takes out like an entire football field
of soldiers all he's got is his donkey
bone and he's kicking their donkeys this
guy has the master cheat codes to the
games and you know he knows the Lord and
while whoever shot this forgot how frame
rates work at time to make it slow-mo
Sampson makes the bigger mistake by
letting Jasper from Twilight live a
couple years pass by and for whatever
reason that means that they can't afford
razors and my dude ends up with those uh
Abraham Lincoln beards that they give
you for the you know fifth grade play
and finally he meets Delilah which you
know I've been waiting for what inspired
the song turns out that the Lila is
actually the princes wife but this guy
as we know even after years it's still
so obsessed over Samson and his strength
he's like one of those lurkers on
bodybuilding.com who stalks other dudes
profiles because they're so swole he
sends his own girl to flirt with Samson
in order to get to him and I'll say this
while Delilah's close to being a tenant
I get why he fell for her
Samson still prettier like look at those
cheekbones they hit it off he starts
smashing things less violently and
there's this scene which I don't have
the full clips for just these couple of
frames and where a mob of people try to
pitchfork him to death in this
Philistine town and what he literally
does is pick up the gate of the city and
break it apart so he can escape which is
cool but you know when you really want
to flex on your haters so you go a
little extra well this dude carries the
big old door exits and then carries the
door for like 20 kilometers just to
prove a point and and no one goes after
him to like I don't know pokum anyways
it's what Delilah does to Samson that's
the climax of the movie because you know
he has three rules that God gave him in
order to keep his superpowers one don't
drink wine to don't touch that stuff and
three don't get a fade well Delilah
makes sweet passionate pg-13 love to him
and he knocks out and this snake over
here cuts his hair relinquishing his
powers and setting himself to get
arrested and have his eyes gouged out
this is why I have insomnia the Prince
becomes King since he front stabs his
daddy and he brings Samson to him so he
can be executed but if you know the
story Samson
even though he's blind gets magically
close to a pillar he gives one last
price of the most high Queen Latifah and
Steve Martin cameo as he brings down the
house destroys all the idols destroys
the budget and they all dead epilogue
dn't aux about how this pioneered the
Jews so then set up kings which spoilers
don't really work out but it also sets
up the story of a young boy named David
who with just a rock took down a massive
giant in order to be able to give the
Hebrews power and also continue this
pure flix Cinematic Universe
thank you guys for checking out this
video as always let me know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section like I said some of the action
scenes were a little iffy for me but
overall the story I think was a little
too prolonged because you know we all
know Samson for his interaction with
Delilah and his strength and they added
like a whole nother hour to this movie
that didn't need to be there but here's
to know your thoughts about this movie
any other movies you want me to cover
obviously there's a lot more pure flicks
coming out this year with God's not dead
four three whatever one it is and you
know just let me know your thoughts on
what you want me to cover don't forget
to comment like and subscribe and I will
send you screening passes to God's not
attend free oh I I just talked to him